 

6316mm, 4/, gm to. a. UW in,

waahington,

THE CAPITOL

' A convenient program for seeing the

capital is to go ﬁrst to the Rotunda,
then visit the Hall Statuary, the Hall
of Representatives and its rooms, old
Senate Chamber and the Senate Cham-
ber and its rooms. The walls are hung
with paintings commemorating great
events in our history. Visitors 9 to 4.
Open till 4:30 if Congress is in session
and until one-half hour after adjourn-
ment during a night session.

THE SUPREME COURT
BUILDING
Is east of the Capitol. Visiting hours
are 9 to 4:30 Saturday (June 15—Sep—
tember 15) 9 to 1.

THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS

Is on Capitol Hill. The white granite
building covers almost three and a half
acres. It was planned on a generous
scale for it houses one of the largest
libraries in the world, and the collec-
tions are growing with the years. Hours
are 9 to 10. Saturdays 9 to 6. Saturdays
in summer 9 to 1. Sundays and holi—
days 2 to 10.

THE TREASURY BUILDING

The Treasury of the United States
at Pennsylvania Avenue and 15th St.,
is a building of sandstone and granite.
The cash room is on the ﬁrst ﬂoor.
Here the Treasury cashes various war-
rants drawn upon it and presented here
for payment. Visiting hours 9 to 2.
Saturdays 9 to 12. Of the several func—
tions of the Treasury, the manufacture

and distribution of currency is one‘

which will interest the visitor. This
may be seen at the Bureau of Engrav-
ing and Printing, 14th and C Street

2‘1

11 a. m., and 1 to 2 p. m. No tours on
Saturdays or holidays.

THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

The Federal Bureau of Investigation
building is on Constitution and Penn-
sylvania Avenues, 9th and 10th Sts.
Visitors are conducted through the Bur-
eau and its identiﬁcation division on
tours from 9:30 a. m. to 3:30 p. m.
Saturdays 9:30 to 12 noon.

MT. VERNON

Is on the Virginia shore of the
Potomac, 16 miles south of Washing-
tOn. It is open every day of the year
to the public. An admission fee of 25
cents is charged. Route to Mt. Vernon:
Is via the Mount Vernon Memorial
Highway, the river route is by the
Wilson Steamboat Line leaving the 7th
Street Wharves.

THE NATIONAL
ZOOLOGICAL PARK

Is reached by Connecticut Avenue
and cars and buses. The park com-
prises 175 acres of natural park lands
adjoining Rock Creek Park. The col-
lections number about 24-00 specimens
of various animal life. The park is
open at 7:30, the exhibits at 9. Feeding
hours are: Monkeys 9:30 a.m., 3 p.m.
Lions and tigers 1:30; Sundays ex-
cepted.

ALEXANDRIA

President Washington’s pew in Christ
Church, Alexandria is still preserved
as it appeared when occupied by the
Washington family. One may make the
visit to Alexandria in connection with
the Mount Vernon trip. The Church is
open on week days, and the curator is
on the premises from 9 o’clock until 6.

19;, S. .W. Visitors are conducted 8:30 to The church is on Washington St.

 

